Diana, Scorn of the Moon Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Diana, Scorn of the Moon Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to the Diana - Scorn of the Moon Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 18, 2026 Table of Contents 0.0.1 Play Style 0.0.2 Key Cards 0.0.3 Competitive Status 0.0.4 Best Performances in Unleashed 1 Diana Decks Bearing her crescent moonblade, Diana fights as a warrior of the Lunari—a faith all but quashed in the lands around Mount Targon. Clad in shimmering armor the color of winter snow at night, she is a living embodiment of the silver moon's power. Imbued with the essence of an Aspect from beyond Targon's towering summit, Diana is no longer wholly human, and struggles to understand her power and purpose in this world. Play Style Diana is a fast-paced legend, looking to control the pace of a match through showdown domination early on. However, the Scorn of the Moon is not winning through brute force, like Fury or Body legends can. Instead, Diana leverages a mix of cheap support spells and her ability to build an early lead. Once ahead on the scoreboard, the opponent is forced to take some risks to stop the bleeding, something the Chaos - Mind legend is excellent at punishing. Key Cards OGN-103 early on, followed by UNL-080 in the mid-game are the key units Diana will build around. Paired with the legend ability, OGN-103 is a showdown winning machine against other cheap cards. As for the 5-cost, UNL-080 represent a flexible ability we can manipulate depending on the game state, able to dig through our deck or grow to 8-might for conquers. Around these two will be value oriented units, alongside the staple closer in blue decks : OGN-116 . The other crucial part of the deck are support spells, designed to help us get ahead early on, such as OGN-169 or OGN-095 , or keep the opponent at bay once in the lead, with UNL-128 or UNL-198 . Last, OGN-173&nbsp; is another crucial piece of the puzzle, allowing to push for the win beforethe opponent can stabilize. Competitive Status Diana is considered a bit weaker than LeBlanc early on Unleashed, but didn't benefit from an obvious game plan to build around. Thus, after mixed results in the first tournaments held in China, the Scorn of the Moon is now the Unleashed legend with the most wins in City Challenges, with four total. Naturally, this makes Diana a serious threat in the metagame, easily a top 5 competitor, although she might still have to earn a top tier status. Compared to her Mind - Order rival, the Chaos - Mind legend should not be as popular among top cut competitors. However, those who manage to pilot Diana to the last rounds of a tournament should be regarded as serious contenders for the win. Best Performances in Unleashed Multiple wins in City Challenges in different weeks. Top 4 in Sydney Regional Qualifier Diana Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
