Draven, Glorious Executioner Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Draven, Glorious Executioner Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Draven, Glorious Executioner Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: April 21, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Overview 2 Spiritforged Draven Deck 3 Draven Signature Cards 4 Draven Staple Cards and Synergies 4.0.1 Midrange Draven In Noxus, warriors known as Reckoners face one another in arenas where blood is spilled and strength tested—but none has ever been as celebrated as Draven. A former soldier, he found that the crowds uniquely appreciated his flair for the dramatic, and his unparalleled skill with his spinning axes. Addicted to the spectacle of his own brash perfection, Draven has sworn to defeat whomever he must to ensure that his name is chanted throughout the empire forever more. Overview Draven's goal in life is to be recognized as the best warrior in the arena, and have his name chanted by the masses. In Riftbound, the character sure lives up to that moniker, as the Chaos-Fury legend is the best competitive pick so far in the Spiritforged metagame. The mix of two strong domains, paired with a fantastic ability makes Draven a menace able to conquer, control opposing units, or draw plenty of cards. Compared to Ezreal, Draven only needs to win a combat against opposing units to draw a card. It can be as the attacker, defendant, either during his or the opponent's turn. In that context, the opponent is constantly gauging whether it is a good idea to attack, or how many troops should be left defending a specific locations. Sometimes, they will leave no unit on a location, allowing Draven to conquer for free and spend its resources on another task for that turn. In another scenario, someone might overcommit to a location in hope to win the upcoming fight, and lose more units than necessary as a result. The strength of Draven's ability, on top of feeding him cards, is this dilemma the opponent is constantly required to solve. So far, no legend managed to do it. Spiritforged Draven Deck Draven Signature Cards With SFD-020 banned, OGN-028 is back in the chosen champion mix. The 5-cost isn't much of an On Curve option, but can represent a solid pressure tool if we score early on. Plus, it is a strong card to push for the win once at 6 points, especially when paired with OGN-173 . SFD-148 did not come back with its signature legend following the ban list. The card remains a fine option, and could become the chosen champion if we wanted an alternate way to score down the line. Unfortunately, the card is a little late for proactive midrange strategies, who typically look to score fast enough not to need the extra points. Plus, there are excellent 6-cost cards in the Fury domain to provide other options at that cost. The signature spell is a staple in the only Draven deck left following the ban list. A bonus 3-might for two energy is already good, but to have that support be permanent, and playable as a reaction is fantastic. Draven Staple Cards and Synergies Midrange Draven Dravens aims to be explosive and reliable, taking the lead early and keeping the game under control from there. To do so, the deck needs to develop without losing too many runes due to power costs, precisely the role of SFD-130 in the deck. When the card manages to move a couple of times, Draven becomes almost unstoppable. Indeed, beefy units will keep coming without ever slowing down the runes from stacking up. The reliable part is mostly due to the ability plus OGN-039 , but OGN-183 also help digging through the deck, and find the right tools at the right time. To bring pressure, Draven will rely on units in the 4 to 6-cost range, with OGN-192 available in the side deck to edge against slower, control oriented decks. Typically, Draven will dominate the midrange part of a match, but might struggle to win showdowns once he has to deal with large threats, for example against OGN-160 decks. Fortunately, OGN-172 will send those back in their owner's hand, allowing Draven to score the last points before the opponent can stabilize the situation. In order to play these support cards without hurting its ability to develop chunky units in the mid-game, Draven runs OGN-289 as a battlefield. Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
