Ezreal, Prodigal Explorer Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Ezreal, Prodigal Explorer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Ezreal, Prodigal Explorer Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: April 21, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Overview 2 Spiritforged Ezreal Deck 3 Ezreal Signature Cards 4 Ezreal Staple Cards and Synergies A dashing adventurer, unknowingly gifted in the magical arts, Ezreal raids long-lost catacombs, tangles with ancient curses, and overcomes seemingly impossible odds with ease. His courage and bravado knowing no bounds, he prefers to improvise his way out of any situation, relying partially on his wits, but mostly on his mystical Shuriman gauntlet, which he uses to unleash devastating arcane blasts. One thing is for sure—whenever Ezreal is around, trouble isn't too far behind. Or ahead. Probably everywhere. Overview Teemo did pretty well during the Origins metagame, although it never managed to become a dominant legend. Early on in Spiritforged, Ezreal appeared to follow a similar path, with a lot of players showing interest for the Prodigal Explorer, but tournaments results lacking a bit to support the hype. The Prodigal Explorer's fortune turned around with Regional tournaments, as Ezreal has been posting increasingly better results as tournaments happened. It started with a Top 32 in Fuzhou in January, then followed by a loss finals and a Top 4 in other Chinese tournaments. Once the West started to play, Ezreal improved even more, taking the win in Bologna and making it to the top 8 in Vegas. Unfortunately, the ban list at the start of April stopped that momentum, and Ezreal now has to regroup before Unleased comes around. One important note with Ezreal is the complexity of this legend compared to most others. Indeed, its ability is powerful, but requires a fine tuned deck to be used routinely, while not making a deck too focused on opposing cards, unable to develop pressure of its own. The ability to draw with our legend can be a huge asset, as it frees slots in our deck we otherwise would have invested in that area. In exchange, we have to play cards able to chose enemy units or gears. While it is a restriction, dealing with opposing cards is a core component of playing the game, so the main challenge with Ezreal is to find how to optimize that process, and target twice per turn. Fortunately, there are plenty of cards in the Spiritforged set able to target two cards on their own, or with the repeat keyword. Thus, Ezreal has enough to build a deck able to reliably trigger its ability multiple times in a game. Spiritforged Ezreal Deck Ezreal Signature Cards The 3-cost champion quickly became a staple inclusion in the Chaos domain. Not only does the card add one to our hand while progressing certain synergies, such as OGN-195 . It also forces the opponent to react quickly or allow us to get a discount on our additional costs. An immediate strong ability paired with one we can leverage over time, all in a 3-might unit for that same cost, there is nothing bad about this card. The same could be said for SFD-200 , a card most Ezreal decks are using, despite its rather situational nature. Dealing three damage for that cost isn't great, but still progresses towards drawing with our ability. Plus, getting to replay a unit can be worth a ton of energy depending on the target. For example, if you pick OGN-192 , you get to see your opponent's hand and discard a card from it. With OGN-116 , you give enemy units -3 might for the turn once again. Unfortunately, the third signature card isn't doing as well. Actually, SFD-082 isn't doing good at all, seeing no play in the competitive environment at the moment. The card is too difficult to protect and leverage. Most of the time, the ability is only good against low-cost units. Once 4-costs come into play, support Mind cards to lower opposing might are often necessary for SFD-082 to take them out. Ezreal Staple Cards and Synergies A lot of cards in the deck have a power cost associated, so finding how to keep our runes is crucial to play without falling behind in runes early on. SFD-069 and SFD-070 are common inclusions, typically flanked with another card. Some like to run SFD-134 , others will include SFD-081 , while most leverage SFD-146 to play their spells during combat. The main reason we don't want to recycle too many runes is because Ezreal needs to play high-cost units to really get going. OGN-192 and OGN-116 represent win conditions when paired with SFD-200 , one dismantling our opponent's hand while the other takes care of the board. Once set on the board and in control of the game's pace, Ezreal with leverage its ability to never run out of cards, while the Chaos and Mind domains mix very well to offer both reactive or proactive patterns. Except for other miracle decks able to develop too much of a board at once, Ezreal will either out-value or out-pace most legends once it reaches its comfort zone. Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
