Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Fiora, Grand Duelist Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 16, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Play Style 2 Key Cards 3 Competitive Status 4 Best Performances in Unleashed 5 Fiora Decks The most feared duelist in all Valoran, Fiora is as renowned for her brusque manner and cunning mind as she is for the speed of her bluesteel rapier. Born to House Laurent in the kingdom of Demacia, Fiora took control of the family from her father in the wake of a scandal that nearly destroyed them. House Laurent's reputation was sundered, but Fiora bends her every effort to restore her family's honor and return them to their rightful place among the great and good of Demacia. Play Style Fiora is mostly focused on finding great units with 4-might, able to snowball a match if they stay on the board. From there, buffs and support spells will strengthen those units, turning them into mighty combatants. Unleashed did not bring a ton of support for the Grand Duelist, except for the new UNL-169 . As a result, Fiora remains a midrange, buff oriented legend, aimed at seizing the board in the mid game with sizeable units. The key is to manage to keep those units on the board, protecting them in showdowns, or from opposing spells. Fiora can also play a more explosive play style, designed around OGN-242 to fetch larger units every turn. Early on in Unleashed, this emerged as a powerful synergy, but gear removal cards were quick to join every side deck, forcing Fiora to default back to a more midrange approach. Key Cards OGN-232 and OGN-164 are the two units the deck focuses on, but any 4-might unit can be buffed to trigger SFD-205 's ability. From the Unleashed releases, UNL-169 has become a staple in the deck, while SFD-109 remains a strong consideration to take care of gears. Cheaper cards will typically be picked based on their ability, with a large emphasis on drawing cards or buffs. To turn those units into mighty combatants, the deck will use equipment cards, UNL-158 and SFD-161 , alongside various buffs such as SFD-097 . However, the spells tend to be directed at removing opposing units or protecting ours from removal spells. SFD-206 is fantastic in that regard, while UNL-173 turns a mighty unit we can't save into more cards and an extra rune. Many Fiora decks build around OGN-242 , most of the time flanked by OGN-226 . However, almost every competitive legend in Riftbound uses some sort of gear removal. As a result, building around OGN-242 is a powerful, yet risky deck building choice. As the metagame developed, we saw the gear become a side deck inclusion, although OGN-226 remains a good way to develop two units with one card. Competitive Status Fiora is a threat in the Unleashed metagame, expected to compete for a top 8 spot in most tournaments. Winning it all is more of a challenge however, as Fiora tends to struggle against top tier legends if she can't rely on the brute force of OGN-242 . Best Performances in Unleashed Multiple top 8 performance every week in City Challenges. Occasional City Challenge win. Fiora Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Rengar &#8211; Pridestalker Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
