Kha&#039;Zix - Voidreaver Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to the Kha'Zix - Voidreaver Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 11, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Play Style 2 Key Cards 3 Competitive Status 4 Best Performances in Unleashed 5 Kha'Zix Decks The Void grows, and the Void adapts—in none of its myriad spawn are these truths more apparent than Kha'Zix. Evolution drives the core of this mutating horror, born to survive and to slay the strong. Where it struggles to do so, it grows new, more effective ways to counter and kill its prey. Initially a mindless beast, Kha'Zix's intelligence has developed as much as its form. Now, the creature plans out its hunts, and even utilizes the visceral terror it engenders in its victims. Play Style This legend wants to play an up-tempo play style, built around winning combats to gather some experience. Early on, we will use that XP to buff our units, making them both harder to remove, and stronger in 1-on-1 showdowns. Later on, the second ability of Kha'Zix will allow us to protect our units, bringing them back to our base after a conquer. This is particularly good when we close in on 6 points, as we will look to conquer both battlefields for the win in most matches. Unfortunately, Kha'Zix is struggling to enforce that proactive style early in Unleashed. As a result, some play a deck around OGN-160 instead. Sivir and Miss Fortune already defaulted to that option, and arguably look better at synergizing with it. Yet, UNL-202 is pretty good when paired with massive units. Key Cards UNL-150 is a fantastic card to play if developed at a battlefield, and typically our goal early in a match to limit our opponent's ability to develop. To anchor the board, Kha'Zix turned to OGN-164 , which we can buff with our ability. With these two in mind, the goal for Kha'Zix will be to find units both able to gain experience and secure a battlefield early on, setting us up for the midrange threats to come in a strong setup. UNL-127 looks good for the experience part, while UNL-210 plus UNL-112 are a great tandem early on. Yet, those early units aren't great in combats, meaning it is often the card we will play as support which matter the most. UNL-114 or UNL-145 both possess that unpredictable element, same for UNL-143 or UNL-120 later on. As for spells, UNL-095 is the key to the deck's early game, representing both a solid buff and potential XP gain. Once in the lead, Kha'Zix can rely on UNL-202 and UNL-131 to keep the opponent in check. Competitive Status Kha'zix managed to post at least one top 8 per week during the early tournaments held in China. It isn't a spectacular performance, but enough to place the Voidreaver among decent but not expected to win a tournament Riftbound legends. It is likely best-of cards in regional qualifier will go to a OGN-160 deck, or someone with extensive training on Kha'Zix, and able to design a great list for that tournament's metagame. That second option should profit from the legend not looking like a threat, meaning opponent won't build against Kha'Zix. Best Performances in Unleashed Occasional Top 8 performances in City Challenges Kha'Zix Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Rengar &#8211; Pridestalker Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
