LeBlanc, Deceiver Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login LeBlanc, Deceiver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to the LeBlanc - Deceiver Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 18, 2026 Table of Contents 0.0.1 Play Style 0.0.2 Key Cards 0.0.3 Competitive Status 0.0.4 Best Perfomances in Unleashed 1 LeBlanc Decks Mysterious even to other members of the Black Rose cabal, LeBlanc is but one of many names for a pale woman who has manipulated people and events since the earliest days of Noxus. Using her magic to mirror herself, the sorceress can appear to anyone, anywhere, and even be in many places at once. Always plotting just out of sight, LeBlanc's true motives are as inscrutable as her shifting identity. Play Style Leblanc builds around the Deathknell keyword first and foremost, as the temporary reflections she creates are meant to die. Drawing cards, channeling runes, summoning friendly units or removing opposing ones, LeBlanc will look for any valuable Deathknell she could leverage. In that context, the Deceiver is a synergistic legend, aimed at extracting as much value as possible from the gimmick she builds around. Key Cards UNL-172 and OGN-236 are the backbone of LeBlanc's strategy. The first will make sure you never run out of resources, while the other basically has to be removed before any Deathknell is triggered. Combined, they give LeBlanc a ton of freedom to play cards, as the Deceiver is extremely difficult to out value when she finds these two. UNL-200 to the mix, although this card is more Other important cards, except for strong deathknell abilities include OGN-209 , a fantastic removal when you have plenty of disposable units available. UNL-200 is a versatile spell one can use for value on your own units, or to serve as a removal through copying an opposing unit and pitting the original against its reflection. Last, LeBlanc packs a couple of cards able to push for the win, such as OGN-11 , or able to secure a holding position, UNL-176 Competitive Status Leblanc is off to a great start in Unleashed, emerging as one of the best new legends to join Riftbound, while looking like a top tier contender overall. Her signature synergy naturally limits how to build around the Deceiver, but it also makes LeBlanc difficult to target, as she is the only legend building around the Deathknell keyword. In Sydney, we saw a slower list built around OGN-242 . It is difficult to say whether it is the best way to play LeBlanc or if the list caught the field off guard, as it was the first time such build appeared for the Deceiver. Best Perfomances in Unleashed Won 2 City Challenge tournaments in China, alongside averaging more than one top 8 spot per tournament. Top 8 in Sydney Regional Qualifier. LeBlanc Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
