Lillia, Bashful Bloom Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Lillia, Bashful Bloom Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to the Lillia - Bashful Bloom Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 9, 2026 Table of Contents 0.0.1 Play Style 0.0.2 Key Cards 0.0.3 Competitive Status 0.0.4 Best Performances in Unleashed 1 Lillia Decks Intensely shy, the fae fawn Lillia skittishly wanders Ionia's forests. Hiding just out of sight of mortals—whose mysterious natures have long captivated, but intimidated, her—Lillia hopes to discover why their dreams no longer reach the ancient Dreaming Tree. She now travels Ionia with a magical branch in hand, in an effort to find people's unrealized dreams. Only then can Lillia herself bloom and help others untangle their fears to find the sparkle within. Eep! Play Style Lillia is playing a value oriented play style, designed to trade UNL-T07 against our opponent's real units. Ideally, those 3-might disposable units will go tie with our opponent, so one of our real units can conquer. If they chose to avoid those showdown against our temporary units, Lillia will have an easy time scoring points through free conquers, quickly progressing towards 8 points. However, if they chose to sacrifice their units against an army of UNL-T07 , Lillia will scale towards her endgame cards, and keep generating temporary units on top. Key Cards Obviously, cards able to generate some 3-might temporary Sprites, such as UNL-078 or UNL-069 , will serve as the backbone of our strategy in the mid game. As UNL-T07 enters ready, we will keep our turn one unit outside of showdowns early on. The goal is to make our opponent go out of their way to pick their battles. Otherwise, they will fight against temporary units all game long. Once this early strategy scored a good amount of points, it will be time to figure out a path to winning the match. If in range for 8 points, OGN-116 will be our go-to card, like it is for every Mind legend in Riftbound. However, we can also rely on OGN-123 plus UNL-084 to play at a slower pace, and keep sending temporary units to battlefields. Spells are mostly support tools for Lillia. OGN-058 , OGN-095 and UNL-083 bring some draw, while OGN-045 and UNL-190 serve to protect our real units, or deny an opponent attempting to comeback. Competitive Status Lillia is a decent legend, on her way to be a fair competitor in the Unleashed metagame. However, the Bashful Bloom doesn't look like a potential tournament winner based on her early results. Indeed, she did win a City Challenge early on in the set, but has been posting fewer and fewer performances as time passed. Most likely, her temporary synergy led to a fairly obvious deck to build, but not a very flexible one now that other legends have also refined their strategy. Historically, Calm - Mind legend always lacked that raw power able to manhandle their opponent through sheer Might or explosive play patterns. Lillia seems to follow in Ahri's footsteps, as a solid synergistic legend able to aim for a top cut spot, but lacking some firepower to be a real contender. Low Tier 2 at best, likely Tier 3 legend. Best Performances in Unleashed Multiple Top 8 performances every week in City Challenge tournaments. Lillia Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
