Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman Starter Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 18, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Play Style 2 Key Cards 3 Competitive Status 4 Best Performances in Unleashed 5 Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman Decks Master Yi has tempered his body and sharpened his mind, so that thought and action have become almost as one. Though he chooses to enter into violence only as a last resort, the grace and speed of his blade ensures resolution is always swift. As one of the last living practitioners of the Ionian art of Wuju, Yi has devoted his life to continuing the legacy of his people—scrutinizing potential new disciples with the Seven Lenses of Insight to identify the most worthy among them. Play Style In this new set, Master Yi stayed true to its hold oriented play-style, aimed at building a dominant position the opponent will struggle to contest. In that strategy, the new additions from Unleashed are doing a fantastic job. Indeed, this set brought multiple units to beef up Master Yi's mid game, a lot more card draw, and the ability to stun opposing attackers. Those who played Master Yi in Origins or Spiritforged will feel right at home in Unleashed, enjoying an improved build of their favourite legend. Previously, this legend was already a strong performer due to its ability to hold early on and score points even without being a conquer oriented legend. Now, Master Yi is much more durable, both due to more card draw, and tools available to keep holding a battlefield for an entire match. Key Cards UNL-113 is the new chosen champion for the deck, although we won't get to level 6 except when the 4-cost manages to stick to the board and gain XP himself. Yet, this switch from OGS-009 makes sure Master Yi has a turn 2 play available, while we have other units available in the late game, such as the new UNL-060 . This one is particularly important due to its ability to draw. Combined with OGN-075 , they are massively improving Master Yi's ability to be durable in the later stages. The other changes in the deck are mostly new releases fitting perfectly with the play style or the legend's ability. UNL-053 joins SFD-036 as a staple turn 1 play we love to keep as the sole defender early on. UNL-120 is the mid game enforcer, providing the deck with a flexible beefy unit. The support cards are very close to what Master Yi used in the past. UNL-042 joins as a new effect the opponent has to keep in mind, but is a flexible card at best, while OGN-043 , OGN-045 or OGN-058 remain the core spells. Competitive Status It took a couple of weeks to start the engine, but Master Yi earned its top tier status in the Unleashed metagame. Its legend's ability is fantastic early on in the match to get set on a battlefield, while the Ambush keyword is great support for a hold oriented deck. Even if the strategy remains the same, the new units brought by the Unleashed set make the deck so much better overall. The legends checks every box when it comes to the fundamentals of the game, being great at contesting showdowns, drawing cards, or interacting with opposing units. Best Performances in Unleashed Most top 8 performances in City Challenges across all Riftbound legends. Multiple City Challenge wins. Top 16 at Sydney Regional Qualifier Won Regional Qualifier Suzhou Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Rengar &#8211; Pridestalker Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
