Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged – Global Release &amp; Post Chinese Regionals - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged – Global Release &amp; Post Chinese Regionals Check out the latest meta trends in our weekly Tier List following the competitive environment of the Riftbound TCG. Den Updated: February 28, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Meta Overview 2 Tier 1 2.1 Draven 2.2 Irelia&nbsp; 2.3 Kai’Sa&nbsp; 2.4 Annie 2.5 Ezreal 2.6 Fiora 3 Tier 2 3.1 Sett 3.2 Lucian 3.3 Azir &amp; Viktor 3.4 Sivir 4 Tier 3 4.1 Master Yi 4.2 Jax 4.3 Lux 4.4 Rek'Sai 4.5 Leona 4.6 Ahri 4.7 Ornn 5 Tier 4 5.1 Yasuo 5.2 Miss Fortune 5.3 Renata Glasc 5.4 Jinx 5.5 Rumble 5.6 Darius 5.7 Volibear 5.8 Teemo 5.9 Lee Sin 5.10 Garen Tier Champion Global Performance over Four Chinese Regional Tournaments Tier 1 Draven 573 Picks / 126 Top 64 / 21.99% Conversion Rate / 2 Wins &amp; Two Top 4 Tier 1 Irelia 238 Picks / 45 Top 64 / 18.91% Conversion Rate / Two Top 4 &amp; Two Top 8 Tier 1 Kai'Sa 172 Picks / 24 Top 64 / 13.95% Conversion Rate / Win &amp; Top 8 &amp; 16 &amp; 64 Tier 1 Annie 36 Picks / 6 Top 64 / 16.67% Conversion Rate / Win &amp; Top 8 &amp; 64 &amp; 128 Tier 1 Ezreal 66 Picks / 9 Top 64 / 13.64% Conversion Rate / Finals &amp; Top 4 &amp; 32 &amp; 64 Tier 1 Fiora 117 Picks / 9 Top 64 / 7.69% Conversion Rate / 2 Finals &amp; Top 8 &amp; 64 Tier 2 Sett 29 Picks / 6 Top 64 / 20,69% Conversion Rate / Top 16 &amp; Three Top 64 Tier 2 Lucian 54 Picks / 5 Top 64 / 9.26% Conversion Rate / Top 16 &amp; Two 32 &amp; 64 Tier 2 Azir 65 Picks / 4 Top 64 / 6.25% Conversion Rate / Finals &amp; Top 32 &amp; Two Top 64 Tier 2 Viktor 89 Picks / 8 Top 64 / 8.99% Conversion Rate /Two Top 32 &amp; Two Top 64 Tier 2 Sivir 53 Picks / 3 Top 64 / 5.66% Conversion Rate / Top 4 &amp; 32 &amp; 64 &amp; 256 Tier 3 Master Yi 50 Picks / 3 Top 64 / 6% Conversion Rate / Top 32 &amp; Two 64 &amp; 128 Tier 3 Jax 35 Picks / 2 Top 64 / 5.71% Conversion Rate / Top 8 &amp; 64 &amp; Two 128 Tier 3 Lux 41 Picks / 2 Top 64 / 4.88% Conversion Rate / Two Top 64 &amp; Two Top 128 Tier 3 Rek'Sai 45 Picks / 1 Top 64 / 2.22% Conversion Rate / Top 64 &amp; Three Top 128 Tier 3 Leona 26 Picks / 1 Top 64 / 3.85% Conversion Rate / Top 64 &amp; Two 128 &amp; 256 Tier 3 Ahri 34 Picks / 1 Top 64 / 2.94% Conversion Rate / Top 64 &amp; Three Top 128 Tier 3 Ornn 64 Picks / 1 Top 64 / 1.56% Conversion Rate / Top 64 &amp; Two 128 &amp; 256 Tier 4 Yasuo - Two Top 128 &amp; Two 256 Miss Fortune - Two Top 128 &amp; Two Top 256 Renata Glasc - Two Top 128 &amp; Two Top 256 Jinx - Top 128 &amp; Three Top 256 Rumble - Top 128 &amp; Three Top 256 Darius - Top 128 &amp; Three Top 256 Volibear - Top 128 &amp; Three Top 256 Teemo - Two Top 128 &amp; 256 &amp; 512 Lee Sin - Top 128 &amp; Two Top 256 &amp; 512 Garen - Three Top 256 &amp; No Pick Tier 1 : A force in the metagame, expected in the top cut of most tournaments and a potential winner. Tier 2 : Solid performer, often contending for top cut spots, but typically falling short of winning it all. Tier 3 : Competitive sparks but unable to beat certain match-ups or losing to itself at times. Needs improvement to become a serious threat. Tier 4 : Not expected in most tournament's top cut or even to see much play overall. Popularity rises for regional tournaments, with players vying for a Best-of card, arguably easier to earn on these lesser played legends. Meta Overview When the time came for the rest of the world to start playing the Origins set, the general mood was set to grumpy. Kai'Sa left little doubt she was the best legend in the game, and the West only had one regional event to play or watch over the entire set. Spiritforged started as a possible repeat, but will actually come to the west as a much more complex environment. Indeed, after Draven dominated the first half of January, the other legends fought back, and managed to bring the Glorious Executioner back to an acceptable status. Sure, the Chaos - Fury legend remains the focal point of this metagame as the one you must craft a game plan for. However, once a few managed to come up with that plan, based on limiting showdowns to prevent too many draws, Draven actually started to show some weaknesses. In the last two regional tournaments, Draven did not even reach the finals, not post the best conversion rate. Instead, we saw the return of Kai'sa, alongside the rise of Ezreal, Azir and Annie. The first three are building to control their opponent, limiting their development, and taking the game to a value based war. The Dark Child stayed true to her Origins' play style, aimed at scoring swiftly and making the most of her ability to ready runes. In a sense, we could almost figure the cycle of this metagame: First, Draven came in as the best legend when it comes to core mechanics. He is great at winning showdowns, packs plenty of strong midrange units, draws due to its ability, and has access to multiple cards to support a conquer first play style. Kai'Sa and Ezreal led the charge in terms of reactive play style, using the likes OGN-105 to stay out of showdowns and drag the game to make it a value based war. In this slower environment, Annie came back and made the most of her ability to score very quickly. Her emphasis on cheaper cards allows the Dark Child to be too swift for control decks to stabilize before she can reach 8 points. Azir took the other route against control decks, representing a legend you virtually cannot run out of units. Plus, unless you pack a ton of gear removal, SFD-198 will summon too many Sand Soldiers to handle, especially with OGN-248 out of the picture. The West gets to play Spiritforged in this intricate environment. If the cycle progresses, we should either see Draven come back thanks to Annie scaring the control decks away, or see the Dark Child gain a lot of popularity. Another possibly is a new stage will keep this cycle going, or a legend the Chinese have not fully figured out might rise. Sivir's best performance in China came from a European player, plenty of known competitors declared their love for Ezreal, and we all remember what happened with Annie in North America during the Origins metagame. We have plenty of tournaments results and metrics available to form an opinion about the Spiritforged set already. Yet, I'm going to watch Bologna expecting the unexpected. Happy Tier List Everyone! Tier 1 Draven The glorious executioner lost a step in the second half of the Chinese metagame, only making it to the semifinals in Dalian and Nanjing after winning both previous events. Because of it, Draven will join his Riftbound mates in the first tier, to highlight the fact he can indeed be beat. However, don't see this as a sign Draven lost a step and isn't as strong as most believed. Instead, we owe it to the other Legends to have figured how to adapt, and came up with good builds against Draven. Overall, he remains the most impactful legend in the game, and the main reason multiple legends drifted to a control play style. Simply, Draven is not strong enough to expect to win without a fight against other legends. Irelia&nbsp; Irelia's performance ranks her second behind Draven if we look at the global metrics, although she failed to reach the finals of any regional tournament so far. Thus, while you should expect a strong competitor, the Blade Dancer might also be the riskiest pick for anyone looking to win big. Indeed, the battle for the best-of-Irelia card should be fierce, with about 10 to 12 players reaching day 2 on average with this legend. However, your chances to win the entire event aren't the best, if we believe the results from China. Kai’Sa&nbsp; Kai'Sa had a bit of a roller coaster experience in China. She started strong in the best-of-1 metagame, winning city challenges and looking like she would remain a very competitive legends in this second set. After two tournaments, the Daughter of the Void seemed to have lost a step, unable to make a deep run in Fuzhou or Chengdu, and with a respectable, yet far from impressive conversion rate. All changed in Dalian, the event Kai'Sa won with a control heavy build. Then, although she lost in Nanjing's quarterfinals, Kai'Sa had a stellar conversion rate with 12 players out of 53 making it to day 2. Overall, Kai'Sa remains a top tier competitor in Spiritforged. However, she isn't the one calling the shots anymore. Instead, she needs to adapt to the stronger legends, and come up with an appropriate build for the metagame. Annie In the Origins metagame, Annie had to wait for the Global Release to become a relevant competitor, Chinese players completely missing her ideal play style. This time, Annie woke up a little early, and joined Kai'Sa as the other legend to have a regional win in both expansions, making everyone forget about her struggles in Chengdu or Dalian. If the Dark Child is as popular in the west as it was in Origins, we could see Annie rise to be another Chaos - Fury tyrant. Indeed, 3 players managed to reach day 2 in Nanjing, with only 8 Annie entering the tournament, making for a 37.5% conversion rate. Even if that number is halved, the top cut will look a lot different if 50 players pick Annie in Bologna or Vegas. This is entirely possible considering this part of the world believes in her abilities a lot more than Chinese players do. Ezreal The top 64 in Nanjing is Ezreal's worst performance over this month of Chinese Regional Tournaments. Still, the Prodigal Explorer managed to be in the top cut of each of the four events, with a finals and semifinals appearance in Dalian and Chengdu. Overall, Ezreal is posting solid numbers across the board, although Kai'sa will go down as the best reactive legend in China. However, I'm curious to see if Ezreal can take that title in the western metagame considering how many players seem to like him. I expect several known names to pick Ezreal in Bologna, which will tell us if the Chaos - Mind legend can win a regional, or will remain a strong, yet winless competitor. Fiora The Grand Duelist won't shine with her conversion rate, typically the lowest among best preforming legends at an event. Still, with two finals and a top 8 in the first three regionals, Fiora showed she was a winner, with at least one excellent run per tournament. Nanjing caught up to her unfortunately, as the two players who made it to the top 64 cut lost in the first round of Day 2. At the same time, the other Body - Order legend made it to the top 16, and is getting a lot of attention due to a 20.69% conversion over the four regional events. Sett only has a fifth of Fiora's popularity in those tournaments, but only trails 6 to 9 in top cut appearances. As such, I expect the gap to narrow following Nanjing, and Fiora to lose a bit of popularity going forward. This could be good news for someone looking to win the best-of-Fiora card, but likely make it harder for Fiora as a legend to be a dominant force going forward. Tier 2 Sett After Dalian, I wrote that Sett was a legend to keep an eye on, as The Boss managed to reach Day 2 in every tournament, although very little players used him. With only 8 picks in Nanjing, I can't say that trend changed much, but Sett's performance in that tournament might catch a lot more player's attention. Annie won the entire event, so expect her to get all the flowers. Yet, Sett also managed to get 3 players into day 2 out of only 8 representatives. Plus, its top 16 finish ranks him first among those legends we know have potential, but also don't expect to play for the win. Expect Annie and Kai'sa to dominate the Origins popularity poll in Bologna, with most players unable to build or learn their Spiritforged pick fast enough to default to either of these two. However, keep an eye on Sett, he might be able to surprise us once more. Lucian Lucian is a conqueror type of legend, aimed at using gears and support cards to beef up its units. Unfortunately, that is also Draven's play style, which a lot of legends are building against at the moment. The Purifier is a solid legend, one we can expect to make it to Day 2 of most large events. However, I fear Lucian might be a collateral damage to a metagame drifting towards avoiding Showdowns as time passes. Azir &amp; Viktor Viktor is a stronger legend when it comes to the global metrics. However, its run to the finals in Nanjing tells me Azir has the ability to win in a best-of-three format, something Viktor has been lacking. If your goal is to make to day 2, and you expect a diverse environment, Viktor likely is the better pick, especially for someone without a ton of experience. Indeed, the Order - Mind legend plays with a clear goal in mind, and packs a less complex removal kit. If you want to make it as far as possible, Azir gives you a better chance due to a more flexible play style, and better cards to conquer late in a match. SFD-198 is a stronger card than SFD-168 if we compare win conditions. Sivir Someone gave the miracle deck another try in Nanjing, but unfortunately didn't make it to the top 64. Now, we have to ask whether that new build made it to Dalian's Top 4 thanks to catching everyone off guard, or is it too difficult to bring to a tournament without extensive training beforehand. On the other end, you can expect at least one OGN-160 build to do well, although we all know it won't win the entire thing, and most won't even be in day 2 based on Sivir's 5.66% conversion rate. To be fair, if it wasn't for that Miracle deck and its top 4 run, Sivir would be ranked in the next tier, below Master Yi. This situation makes the Battle Mistress an interesting legend to follow, especially when it comes to the battle for the best-of-Sivir card. Tier 3 Master Yi and Jax could be in their own mid-tier with Sivir at the moment. A group made of legend with multiple results, but lacking some consistency to represent serious competition. However, Sivir still has the curiosity about her miracle run which leads me to believe she is better than those in this tier. The other one with the potential to rise is Jax, who started this competitive period with two top 128, followed by Top 8 and 64 finishes. The quarterfinals appearance probably is an anomaly considering Jax's power level in this metagame, but the Grandmaster at Arms might be able to become a consistent top cut performer in the future. Master Yi and Lux are in a similar boat, although they can't claim they still have a lot of room to be refined or adapted again the metagame. Indeed, these two have been playing an improved version of their Origins built in Spiritforged, without much deviation over the four Chinese regional tournaments. The second half of this tier features legends with at least one top cut finish, showing there is something to explore. However, Leona, Ahri, Rek'Sai and Ornn also look more likely to be on the bubble rather than make it to day 2. Consistency is the gold standard in card games, and these four failed in that regard so far in Spiritforged. Master Yi Jax Lux Rek'Sai Leona Ahri Ornn Tier 4 Yasuo posted another Top 256 in Nanjing, cementing its spot among Legend with no competitive aspirations past the competition for their best-of card. I'm not ruling out a possible Cinderella run from a few legends here. Miss Fortune can play OGN-160 and get on a hot streak while Jinx is a Chaos - Fury legend, arguably the strongest pair of domains currently in Riftbound. 10 out of 28 legends in this bottom tier isn't so bad to be fair, especially as there is still an incentive to play them through a specific reward for the best player on each legend. Yasuo Miss Fortune Renata Glasc Jinx Rumble Darius Volibear Teemo Lee Sin Garen Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed &#8211; Heading into Regional Qualifiers! Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged &#8211; Post Game Metagame Heading to Lille Regional Qualifier! Riftbound Post Ban Metagame Analysis &amp; Decks to Play Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged &#8211; Non-Regional Tournament Metagame Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged &#8211; Post-Vegas Metagame Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged &#8211; Post-Bologna Metagame Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Spiritforged – Post Dalian Regional Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
