Miss Fortune, Bounty Hunter Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Miss Fortune, Bounty Hunter Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Miss Fortune, Bounty Hunter Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: February 14, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Overview 2 Spiritforged Miss Fortune Deck 3 Miss Fortune Signature Cards 4 Miss Fortune Staple Cards and Synergies A Bilgewater captain famed for her looks but feared for her ruthlessness, Sarah Fortune paints a stark figure among the hardened criminals of the port city. As a child, she witnessed the reaver king Gangplank murder her family—an act she brutally avenged years later, blowing up his flagship while he was still aboard. Those who underestimate her will face a beguiling and unpredictable opponent… and, likely, a bullet or two in their guts. Overview The battle-hardened captain, Miss Fortune, is one of the initial twelve heroes in Riftbound, arriving with the Origins set. She combines the domains of Body and Chaos , and builds around the Ganking mechanic, which allows units to move from one battlefield to another, enabling them to control multiple battlefields simultaneously. OGN-267 simply gives a unit Ganking, which might seem pretty boring, except this can target any unit, no matter its size. As a result, Miss Fortune has emerged as a ramp oriented strategy, which plays right into that idea to grant Ganking to massive units the opponent can't control easily. Then, the ability should be regarded as a way to score a lot of points in the second portion of the match. Considering the last point requires conquering both battlefields in the same turn, OGN-267 sports one of the best abilities in the game to do so. Spiritforged Miss Fortune Deck Miss Fortune Signature Cards OGN-268 is a card that lets you easily wipe a battlefield of enemy combatants for a low resource cost. The card is able to single-handedly end a token deck, as we can wipe their entire army for the mere cost of one rune. Against beefier units, keep in mind we need to recycle as many runes as we want to deal damage, meaning that this is more of a panic button than a simple board wipe. OGN-162 and OGN-193 both revolve around battlefield control in some way, shape, or form. The typically chosen champion unit, OGN-162 lets you ready things as she moves, letting you set up further attacks into a battlefield, continuing the onslaught. Plus, you can accelerate the card late in a match to use it immediately. With OGN-267 featuring a ramp play-style based on OGN-160 , OGN-162 is a great way to use the big unit we summoned previously twice in the same turn: Move your big unit to a battlefield. Play OGN-162 and pay the Accelerate cost. Move OGN-162 to ready your big unit. Use OGN-267 's ability to grant that big unit ganking. Challenge the other battlefield with said big unit. The lesser used OGN-193 is designed to counter the risk of ganking by allowing to play into empty battlefields, meaning you can keep hold of a battlefield you just emptied to attack the other. However, the 4-cost is more commonly used as a way to steal battlefields from your opponent in aggressive builds. Indeed, you can summon a cheap unit there after kicking their unit out of it with OGN-168 , OGN-169 or OGN-172 . Unfortunately, that concept has yet to make it on the competitive stage. Miss Fortune Staple Cards and Synergies OGN-160 has become a building block for several legends in Riftbound. However, while most legends look to stall the early game until they can develop the Gear, OGN-267 tends to specialize against other late-game strategies. Indeed, Chaos cards sport various effects able to disrupt the opponent, with OGN-192 being the most obvious one, but OGN-156 in the Body domain also worth mentioning. Spiritforged added SFD-150 to the mix, granting yet another tool to make the Bounty Hunter a specialist against other late-game strategies. Then, OGN-267 will sport fewer tools to control the early game than most OGN-160 decks. She can count on her signature OGN-268 in case of emergency, and will otherwise use cheap utility spells such as OGN-169 to limit how many points the opponent can score early. Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
