Rengar - Pridestalker Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Rengar &#8211; Pridestalker Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to the Rengar - Pridestalker Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 9, 2026 Table of Contents 0.0.1 Play Style 0.0.2 Key Cards 0.0.3 Competitive Status 0.0.4 Best Performances in Unleashed 1 Rengar Decks Rengar is a ferocious vastayan trophy hunter who lives for the thrill of tracking down and killing dangerous creatures. He scours the world for the most fearsome beasts he can find, especially seeking any trace of Kha'Zix, the void creature who scratched out his eye. Rengar stalks his prey neither for food nor glory, but for the sheer beauty of the pursuit. Play Style Rengar is trying to play a very proactive game plan, designed to quickly seize the lead and pilot the game from that commanding position. The Body - Fury tandem features a ton of great units, which Rengar is more than happy to build around to present threats early in a match. Once the opponent is forced to take risks, the Ambush keyword is perfect to keep the opponent guessing about the real might we have available, or the amount of units truly defending a battlefield. In order to seize the lead, the Pridestalker will look to win the first showdowns. UNL-002 is a 3-might unit when attacking, enough to beat all the 2-might early units in Riftbound. UNL-112 will lose the 1-on-1 with those same units, but can drag them to a battlefield, and receive help from an Ambush card. The other key to that proactive play style is to draw enough cards to never run out of gas. On that front, the Pridestalker packs multiple units, on top of a great gear to draw cards every turn. Key Cards OGN-012 and UNL-120 possess great might for their cost, and will typically serve as the beefy units we use to anchor our board. OGN-039 and UNL-114 are also great, but are typically used for their ability to draw, meaning they need a bit more of a setup to avoid being removed before getting us at least a card. Fortunately, we don't have to protect these at all costs if we find UNL-011 early on. If the gear manage to stick to the board, Rengar will draw 1 extra card per turn for the rest of the match, and be able to push its proactive play style without worrying about an empty hand. The last cards we have to discuss are support tools. Indeed, the cheaper ambush cards our opponent has to worry about during their turn cost 3 runes, UNL-114 , UNL-021 or SFD-025 . However, we can't end every turn with that many runes open, especially over the first three turns. In that context, the likes UNL-106 , SFD-097 or UNL-184 are instrumental in keeping the opponent on their toes, a key component of Rengar's game plan. Competitive Status Over the first weeks of competition, Rengar has been losing momentum as time passed. The very proactive nature of the Body - Fury combination, alongside the need to keep runes open and conquer battlefields for the Ambust keyword to be impactful can be difficult to leverage against knowledgeable opponents. As a result, after a win in the first week of City Challenges in China, arguably a time with most of the time still testing a lot of synergies, Rengar failed to take another event. Its best performance since then has been a second place with a OGN-160 deck. Typically, when a legend without ties to the 9-cost gear starts playing it, it is because its core synergies is struggling. Best Performances in Unleashed Multiple Top 8 performances every week in City Challenge tournaments. Rengar Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
