Sett, The Boss Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Sett, The Boss Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Sett, The Boss Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: February 16, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Overview 2 Spiritforged Sett Deck 3 Sett Signature Cards 4 Sett Staple Cards and Synergies A leader of Ionia's growing criminal underworld, Sett rose to prominence in the wake of the war with Noxus. Though he began as a humble challenger in the fighting pits of Navori, he quickly gained notoriety for his savage strength, and his ability to take seemingly endless amounts of punishment. Now, having climbed through the ranks of local combatants, Sett has muscled to the top, reigning over the pits he once fought in. Overview Runeterra's premier underworld crime lord, OGN-269 , quickly emerged as a menace in the world of Riftbound as well. Released in the first set, Origins , Sett is a Body and Order Champion that revolves around the Buff mechanic. Through improved might, Sett aims to control the battlefield by sending mighty units to pummel his way to a win. If anything goes wrong, Sett can rely on its ability to recall a defeated unit rather than let it die, a great amount of value if done correctly. At its core, the Body and Order legend is very straightforward. We buff our units, we dominate showdowns, and we score points doing so. However, the key to playing Sett is leveraging its ability to keep our units alive rather than lose them. In doing so, Sett becomes extremely resilient, able to keep a strong presence on the board, and overwhelm its opponent as our total might available only stacks up with time. Spiritforged Sett Deck Sett Signature Cards The Spiritforged set brought a good amount of strong midrange units, adding a lot of competition to Sett's champion units. As a result, only one copy, in the chosen champion slot, of OGN-164 is left in most Sett decks. Instead of OGN-240 , we find the likes of SFD-113 or OGN-232 , more versatile units, which don't require as much support to shine. Arguably, both of Sett's champion unit are still competitive, but they simply don't match the faster paced, and removal heavy metagame of the Spiritforged set. On the other end, OGN-270 remains a staple inclusion in the deck, still a fantastic card to buff a unit and contest a battlefield. Its price is much more reasonable compared to the Origins metagame, mostly due to Sett not being a top tier competitor anymore, but it remains a must-own card to play Sett in a high-stakes environment. Sett Staple Cards and Synergies Cards able to buff units ( SFD-108 ), units that buff themselves ( SFD-098 ) , or units gaining a ton of upsides when buffed ( OGN-232 ) are premium for Sett. With a buff always available somewhere, we have a way to pay the cost of OGN-282 to draw a card, something Sett doesn't do very well otherwise. Buffs will also be instrumental in making showdown driven units even more difficult to remove. SFD-105 can't be removed with spells, while SFD-113 wants to conquer every turn, often meaning regular showdowns. Another type of cards Sett loves to use are support tools for cheap, such as those with : " As you play this, you may spend a buff as an additional cost. If you do, ignore this spell's cost." These are basically free at any time for Sett, granting the legend that flexible capacity to play card even when all Runes are exhausted. The Boss isn't using as many of those with SFD-097 and equipment cards now in the mix. Yet, OGN-207 remains a great asset in a Sett deck. Another synergy Sett can leverage is to use its ability to save a unit from OGN-213 or another removal effect. In that instance, the card would just become "Draw 2". Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
