Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to Sivir, Battle Mistress Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 18, 2026 Table of Contents 1 Play Style 2 Key Cards 3 Competitive Status 4 Best Performances in Unleashed 5 Sivir Decks Sivir is a renowned fortune hunter and mercenary captain who plies her trade in the deserts of Shurima. Armed with her legendary jeweled crossblade, she has fought and won countless battles for those who can afford her exorbitant price. Known for her fearless resolve and endless ambition, she prides herself on recovering buried treasures from the perilous tombs of Shurima—for a generous bounty. With ancient forces stirring the very bones of Shurima, Sivir finds herself torn between conflicting destinies. Play Style Overall, the Battle Mistress isn't doing anything new in Unleashed. Sivir's most played and best deck is one built around OGN-160 , capitalizing on the power of the new UNL-118 . With that big dragon taking care of enemy units once in play, the rest of the deck will be geared towards slowing down the opponent in the early stages, and disrupting them later on. Key Cards We already mentioned the win condition, based on OGN-160 summoning UNL-118 . Typically, they will be flanked by OGN-192 for disruption, alongside SFD-150 to summon the cheaper dragon back from our thrash. The rest of the deck will be looking to surround that core with three type of cards: First, we have some ramp to get our key card in play earlier than turn four or five : OGN-134 , OGN-183 and OGN-186 . Then, there is a lot of draw, to make sure we find our key card in due time: UNL-125 and UNL-136 . Last, we need to keep our opponent in check, preventing them from scoring too much early on. Plus, UNL-118 will remove a few units, but can struggle against a large army of low might ones. In that context, OGN-169 and OGN-133 will take care of those weak units, while also slowing down our opponent early on, without recycling any of our runes. Competitive Status With a second place in Sydney, alongside plenty of legend relying on the power of Dazzling Aurora to post a good performance, Sivir cemented her status as a dark horse pick in Unleashed. Indeed, the Battle Mistress earned the right to be called the best legend to build around the 9-cost gear. Considering the power of that synergy with UNL-118 in the mix, we can expect this type of deck to compete for top placements going forward. However, this means Sivir will have to go against other Aurora decks, while the metagame could also start packing more gear removal to target those decks. Sivir Aurora is definately a contender, but the metagame will play a large in her ability to thrive. Best Performances in Unleashed Finalist in Sydney Regional Qualifier. Top 4 in Suzhou Regional Open Multiple Top 8 performances in 64+ players tournaments. Sivir Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Rengar &#8211; Pridestalker Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
