Vex - Gloomist Guide - Best Decks &amp; Cards - Riftbound TCG Skip to content No results No results Login Menu Search Login Vex &#8211; Gloomist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Your guide to the Vex - Gloomist Legend in Riftbound TCG: Overview of its meta status, sample decks, cards, and synergies. Den Updated: May 18, 2026 Table of Contents 0.0.1 Play Style 0.0.2 Key Cards 0.0.3 Competitive Status 0.0.4 Best Performances in Unleashed 1 Vex Decks In the black heart of the Shadow Isles, a lone yordle trudges through the spectral fog, content in its murky misery. With an endless supply of teen angst and a powerful shadow in tow, Vex lives in her own self-made slice of gloom, far from the revolting cheer of the “normie” world. Though she lacks ambition, she is quick to strike down color and happiness, stopping all would-be interlopers with her magical malaise. Play Style Vex is playing a hold oriented, control play style, designed to get set on a location, and control whatever unit the opponent might develop to contest it. The deck packs several ways to bring a unit in for a showdown, or send it back to base or its owner's hand. Worth case, Vex will stun a powerful attacker to buy some time and find a way to deal with it. So far, the win condition past getting set on a battlefiend and keeping the opponent in check is still up in the air. Some Vex decks are building around the Hidden synergy, other run high-cost units for a strong late game. The legend is clearly trying to find the right balance at the moment, and will probably pick what is best depending on the other legends it wants to beat. Key Cards UNL-150 and OGN-073 are the key units Vex wants to develop early, and keep as safe as possible. Indeed, both 4-cost ensure Vex will be very difficult to move from a battlefield. To keep these two alive, it is only fair to see find multiple copies of OGN-077 alongside other popular support cards from the Calm domain, such as OGN-058 or OGN-045 . UNL-141 and UNL-036 can also be considered staples at this point, as these cheap units proved their worth in a hold oriented strategy. The other synergies in the deck are not set, especially late game synergies meaning it is difficult to identify more key cards. Competitive Status Vex managed to post a couple of top 8 performances every week in China, but failed to get past the quarterfinals once in the playoffs. Most likely, the Gloomist has a strong enough synergy to navigate the rounds, but struggles once the field narrows down to the top performers only. Sydney confirmed that theory, although Top 4 surpassed the expectations most had for Vex, solidifying the Gloomist's position as a real contender in the Unleashed metagame. Both the Calm and Chaos domains have great support and disruptive cards, but lack some raw power to pressure the opponent through sheer might when the possibility presents itself. Best Performances in Unleashed Multiple Top 8 performances every week in City Challenge tournaments. Top 4 at Sydney Regional Qualifier Vex Decks Den Den has been in love with strategy games for as long as he can remember, starting with the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a kid. Card games came around the middle school - Yu-Gi-Oh! and then Magic: The Gathering. Hearthstone and Legends of Runeterra has been his real breakthrough and he has been a coach, writer, and caster on the French scene for many years now. He now coaches aspiring pro players and writes various articles on these games. Articles:&nbsp;84 More Articles Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Bladesman – Best Decks &amp; Cards Irelia, Blade Dancer Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Fiora, Grand Duelist Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Master Yi, Wuju Master Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Kha&#8217;Zix &#8211; Voidreaver Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Rengar &#8211; Pridestalker Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Latest Articles Jayce, Man of Progress Promo Riftbound at MomoCon 2026 Riftbound Meta Tier List – Best Decks for Unleashed – Post Sydney &amp; Suzhou Regionals! Teemo, Swift Scout Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards Sivir, Battle Mistress Guide &#8211; Best Decks &amp; Cards
